Add info about DDEV first-run experience to README (#236)
mautic/api-library: README.md

}
```

## Contributing

### Setting up your environment (automatically)

> In order to get started quickly, we recommend to use [DDEV](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) which sets up things automatically for you. It clones [https://github.com/mautic/mautic](mautic/mautic), sets up a local instance for you, and connects the API library tests to that instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to get started quickly, we recommend that you use [DDEV](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) which sets things up automatically for you. It clones [https://github.com/mautic/mautic](mautic/mautic), sets up a local instance for you, and connects the API library tests to that instance.
```

> Just run `ddev start` to get started! Our first-run experience will guide you through.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, run `ddev start`! Our first-run experience will guide you through the setup.
```

### Setting up your environment (manually)

> If you know what you're doing and want to set up your local environment manually, just make sure to copy `/tests/local.config.php.dist` to `/tests/local.config.php`, and fill in the required settings. To make things easy, make sure to use Basic Authentication as the authentication method.

Reviewer: Let's try to avoid competence-based assumptions:

```suggestion
If you want to set up your local environment manually, ensure that you copy `/tests/local.config.php.dist` to `/tests/local.config.php`, and fill in the required settings. We recommend using the Basic Authentication method to get up and running quickly.
```
